README.md, before:

# Quickstart for Node.js in the App Engine standard environment

This is the sample application for the
[Quickstart for Node.js in the App Engine standard environment][tutorial]
tutorial found in the [Google App Engine Node.js standard environment][appengine]
documentation.

* [Setup](#setup)
* [Running locally](#running-locally)
* [Deploying to App Engine](#deploying-to-app-engine)
* [Running the tests](#running-the-tests)

## Setup

Before you can run or deploy the sample, you need to do the following:

1.  Refer to the [appengine/README.md][readme] file for instructions on
    running and deploying.
1.  Install dependencies:

    With `npm`:

        npm install

    or with `yarn`:

        yarn install

## Running locally

With `npm`:

    npm start

or with `yarn`:

    yarn start

## Deploying to App Engine

With `npm`:

    npm run deploy

or with `yarn`:

    yarn run deploy

## Running the tests

See [Contributing][contributing].

[appengine]: https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/nodejs
[tutorial]: https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/nodejs/quickstart
[readme]: ../../README.md
[contributing]: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/nodejs-docs-samples/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md

Commit message:

Updating Readme file with adjusted information

README.md, after:

# Quickstart for Autocomplete implementation with Node.js in the App Engine standard environment

This is the sample application for the
[Quickstart for Node.js in the App Engine standard environment][tutorial]
tutorial found in the [Google App Engine Node.js standard environment][appengine]
documentation.

* [Setup](#setup)
* [Running locally](#running-locally)
* [Deploying to App Engine](#deploying-to-app-engine)
* [Running the tests](#running-the-tests)

## Setup

Before you can run or deploy the sample, you need to do the following:

1.  Refer to the [appengine/README.md][readme] file for instructions on
    running and deploying.
2.  Install dependencies:

    With `npm`:

        npm install

    or with `yarn`:

        yarn install

3.  Set GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS & GOOGLE_PROJECT_ID values in your local .env file        

## Running locally

With `npm`:

    npm start

or with `yarn`:

    yarn start

## Deploying to App Engine

With `npm`:

    npm run deploy

or with `yarn`:

    yarn run deploy

## Running the tests

npm test

[appengine]: https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/nodejs
[tutorial]: https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/nodejs/quickstart
[readme]: ../../README.md
